[Music]
so you can see that sometimes justice moves
faster or slower I want to say one
thing I was exchanging some
messages with Rocío Flores and it makes me
very sad because I have perceived And this
is my perception totally and
absolutely that she
feels and it makes me very angry
totally or quite inhibited when it comes
to saying certain things because she feels
that at the slightest thing it will be given to her it's like that right off the
bat no but I have noticed it I mean I say what a
shame girl What a shame What a shame that one thing
is to think before publishing because you are
a public face and it happens to
us even we are much lower in
that sense and another thing is that you have
like that kind of
process or anxiety when it comes to seeing
what happens or let's see what is not fair neither
for her nor for anyone she took it out
of my mouth I was going to tell you We
have it too I mean
all of us who are facing the public facing the
public facing the audience that
facing the public as more
dependent not in a way something more but
facing the audience to many people not exposed we do
not have it What happens is that for
example people like me  it's that I don't care if they burn me,
melt me, cancel me and maybe she
in that sense although she is more exposed
to maybe she is less is more she is more
sensitive she is more vulnerable to these types
of comments for example damn what they have
given her now girl but come on
Look I'm going to tell you one thing have you seen
about the photo the photo that she uploaded
but she has also suffered one
Sofia has also uploaded in turn with one
similar and I have not seen those criticisms
maybe on Instagram of both of them for
the photographs of both of them Yes of course I have
seen it well listen to me I was
recording a video earlier in the afternoon the one on
social sueco has not seen it but come on
what I was going to tell you is that the
comments
the comments with these things I
think the same as when for example
someone uses to insult someone
calling them a [ __ ] Moor [ __ ]
Oh no racist things eh that they leave themselves in a
bad way Likewise, I mean they leave themselves
portrayed like that I mean you are trying to
insult Rocío Flores for example in
this case not with these comments but
in reality you are not  by offending Rocío
Flores you are offending yourself I don't
know if I'm explaining myself
perfectly
you are the one who is coming across badly you
are the one who is trying to offend
a person but you are not offending that person
You are offending
yourself Because you are the one who is
making yourself look like garbage Like a
retrograde you
already know what happens but we
have to add the fact that this person Rocío Flores for better or for worse there are people who may agree more with this the other one has been in
public hell for almost two years which I don't
wish on anyone so taking
that into account she herself made a comment a
few days ago how much I want to go
back to 2% to 200% that many of
us can identify with everyone goes through
but what this person is going through is not
to make things worse but it is like that or in other words the
psychological and emotional consequences that
something like what she has been through leaves you with
Look listen to me how she has beaten herself
understand me colloquially 500 beatings
who gives whom the right someone
deserves what they have  lived her showing
as we have seen her in survivors
as we have seen her later as we have
seen her behavior as she does not
deserve it is that it is there we are seeing not
the photo of the two
Yes this is something it is something
or rather she said it when seeing in her video that it is
like symbolic it is like I take off all the
clothes from the previous year to put on the
new one I do not think it is something like that No yes it is
very good among influencers they understand I am that
these things but come on if you have
said it Albert it is surely like that
having commented on it and it would fit me that
maybe not eh but maybe a
coincidence but it would fit me that it was
like Look meeting Rocío meeting
Rocío I am sure that before uploading
that photo she thought about it 300 times it is
as if she were seeing it that
photo is beautiful to me and the other ones
are also artistic photos that also
say a lot the play with the shadows the
play the look of this beautiful guy and I
cannot understand what criticism because I
already raised the same as if a
photo in a bikini is uploaded
Yes well But it is not what is seen it
is like what they say  It's that
real people, well, what courage do these
people have who have so many
followers to fight no matter how much they
charge with their publications in general
or whatever they do, nobody deserves
some comments, okay,
look, I'm taking a look
here and it's true that Sofia Suescun doesn't
have them, it's not hate anymore, but look at
you, this type of
marine people insult me ​​and I would feel
proud of being insulted by this type of
people. No, look, what was missing,
seriously, you have to resort to this to
continue living off the story, a sad favor you
do to female intelligence, I don't
understand this photo seems like if it's not
showing something, it doesn't attract attention, I stop, I stop
following you for sexually objectifying you,
need to attract attention and your
dad will be happy, vomit emoji,
well, her dad is proud of his daughter,
of course, and if you grow up, and if instead of
posing naked you grow intellectually,
and how can they not live at the expense of the
mother who gave birth to her, you have to resort to
this
as if they were paying for the
nude, you know
what a New Year's greeting
and you have to spend my naked mother of
mine, no  You know how to get attention
and then get respect and then get
respect, I mean, how does it occur to you to take
this photo and then want people to respect you, I do
n't know, it's a little, I mean, if it were an
obscene photo, you know what I'm saying, you know, for
example, imagine a photo that Instagram
probably doesn't know. Of course, but if it were a
photo, like, an ordinary photo. Marina.
But this isn't an ordinary photo, it's not an
ordinary photo. Look,
Pepa says, her grandmother made a similar living being.
Magnificent. It's true, it's true. Rocío. It's
clear. What a good point, Pepa. I hadn't thought
of that. Totally, Totally,
Totally, I do
n't know. It makes me, I don't know, it makes me feel sorry.
Also, Rocío, in one of her
last posts, she
came in because I don't know what
comment it was that she was a teacher, the
previous post, I think, and she came in,
not to say, Hey, with these kinds of
comments, if you're a teacher, I hope you
never teach my son. No,
and totally, it's totally, I don't know. It makes me
very sorry. It makes me very sorry. Rocío, the
people. I know that there are people who criticize, who
question, but I know perfectly well
that it's not right. I've noticed it, the same as
Gloria Camila.  In the end they are still
two girls
[Music] I mean
yes but let's see I think Sorry I'm going to read
about Loli Rocío Flores is such a
unique person that all those who sell themselves
with her because they can't stand the
envy are sad man I'm
going to tell you one thing and don't get me
wrong Marina but With all due
respect in the world many
of the people that I'm seeing and
commenting would like to be able to take the same photo as
Rocío Flores
but yes it's true yes it's true
that I think there's a lot of envy behind it she's
a girl who was really cute four
years ago and she's still just as cute
today her people are that you don't stop getting
touch-ups operations but
yes she man with a limit
obviously for her but yes it's for her but if it's them that makes her
feel better Because she
may have deficiencies maybe she has
insecurities maybe she has caused by it's
no wonder I'm her look look
how great How great How great Rocío
Jurado even to pose that hurray
come on it's that
really
to me I think Rocío Flores is prettier
than her grandmother  I don't know if you'll
agree that Rocio Flores
has things from her grandfather, Pedro
Carrasco, also
Rosito,
Rocio Carrasco, I think they don't look alike at
all, really, at all, let's see what
people think here, they look alike. They don't
look alike,
bad for me, many times the photo is very
exaggerated, Rocio Flores, you can
do what you want and all that's okay.
But the thing is, I've seen her in person and
I think she's very pretty, I mean, she
's very pretty, she
puts on so many times that she retouches
so many filters and things that then you
see the photo and you see, maybe a video or
when she's on TV and you say, yeah,
sure, that's not so much her anymore. Let's see, I
know the team that Amazon Irene ir and I
mean Javi, I remember that they
related him to him that I teased him
quite a few times with that a while ago
and they are very cool, let's see, I have a feeling I
'm also the typical one that I, of course, Well,
in fact, I'm going to tell you something and I'm
going to recognize it so that people don't
tell me wait, what photo do I have here, no, I've
already  removed there is a photo that I was for
a time I had it myself for a time and I say
but what Ah I mean a real photo that
even though people don't believe it, it didn't have
filters because a super cell phone took it
and I say God I look like a diva and I had it as the
main one and then I say but what are you doing
Marina my daughter this is not you who is she
fooling and people told me I say well
you're right I mean on
your Instagram you have it as the main one
on Instagram come on compare me it's that of
course now I've gained like a [ __ ]
but come on
a little filter too but of course it's
not like there was a photo I couldn't
tell you which one it is I think it was Anica anika
and her things a kiss Happy new year
gorgeous Likewise
the main one Of course I would have to
see it big Marina Ah look here it is I
look like a hottie the hottie of come on
[Laughs]
but it has a lot of filters I swear I
swear I'm going bald right now if that
photo was taken by a hairdresser who is the one who
does Alexia's hair also of course people I
know I can think about it I swear it's that I
would say it I did  a photo with a
cell phone she sent it to me and I uploaded it, I mean, I came out like this
with a prepared light And such But
come on that day I
swear to God I mean I think the
photo had the filter already included
because I don't look like me I mean it's something
absolute hot and of course you see me like that you'll say
you're cute well for some but of
course that come on it's that Javi you left
Lorena for me in that photo don't mess around she looks
very pretty she looks very pretty Hey but
for example the thing about
cosmetic surgery the people who
criticize that might be like But what do you
care what I do let's see you can
perfectly have an opinion like Hey well I would
n't do it because What need to
get involved and go through all this if not for health
or out of obligation you can have an opinion but
criticize someone else for doing it I mean
if it's her body it's not yours what do you
care let's see for example I
agree with you but for example me
Understand me I see maybe María Patiño
and if you ask me well I'll be
honest I say what need But this is
an opinion because there are people who have
surgery and they do it  a thousand things and it looks worse
for me, let's go I don't know what you'll think
but it's an opinion if Maria Patilla asks me Well, she
has some, let's see,
yes, man, but of course, no, I
'm not criticizing her for doing it,
but my opinion that if you do things it should
be to improve. Of course, of course, of course, of course,
but come on, not for. Look, he says, he says, he says
yes, anyway, one in the chat says Miguel,
look, he had a bad opinion of
cosmetic surgery and then that, but the
abs, I was there with him. I accompanied him the day he
had the abdominoplasty, I was there and I was
freaked out, I mean, I was freaked out, I said, God, of course, at
first it impacts you, no, because it stays there
a little.
But well, I've seen some photos and it
looks a little strange, it's just that it's hard for me to get my
abs to come out when I
'm exercising, and I had
thought about it, but that looks a little
strange, no or what. But Javi, how is it not going to be
hard for them to come out if you spend 24
hours like an owl, sitting there
almost with the little guy, the little girl, the lady,
the kid,
eating
here sitting  all day Oh what did he say I
don't know what Rosito Yes a May crisis
only May and seven ships it's like not only
May no May August September you
eat it all Come on come on come on
[Music]